Update adding-language-variants.md (#6360)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/multilanguage-setup.md

    var cultures = homePage?.Cultures;
}

@if (cultures.Count > 1)
{
    <ul aria-label="Language switcher">
        @foreach (var cult in cultures)
        {
            //get the settings for this culture
            System.Globalization.CultureInfo culture = new System.Globalization.CultureInfo(cult.Key);
            //if the current page has a language variant, otherwise link to the homepage language variant
            string langUrl = umbracoHelper.AssignedContentItem.Url(cult.Key, UrlMode.Relative) ?? homePage.Url(cult.Key, UrlMode.Relative);

            <li>
                @if (cult.Key.ToLower() == umbracoHelper.AssignedContentItem.GetCultureFromDomains().ToLower())
                {
                    <span aria-current="true" >@culture.NativeName</span>
                }
                else
                {
                    <a href="@langUrl" hreflang="@cult.Key" lang="@cult.Key" >@culture.NativeName</a>
                }
            </li>
        }
    </ul>
}
```

You need to replace `{{homeNodeContentAlias}}` with the Document Type alias of your Home node. 

> This will look at all the cultures available on the home node, and render links to either the language variant of the current page or the home node for the language variant. If the home node for a language variant is removed, it will not appear in the list.

Reviewer: A suggestion to shorten this sentence a bit.

```suggestion
This will look at all the cultures available on the home node. Links to either the language variant of the current page or the home node for the language variant will be rendered. If the home node for a language variant is removed, it will not appear in the list.
```
